
localhost-CA certificates

Pre-configured credentials to only be used on the 'localhost'
configuration of XtreemOS.

Contains:

1) Root CA credentials - Root private key and root public key certificate ('root CA certificate').

This certificate is used to 
a) verify certificates issued by the CDA server, and
b) check SSL connections between clients and servers.

To remove the need for setting up an operating a root Certificate Authority, these credentials
are supplied pre-configured.

The root private key is protected by a pass-phrase 'changeme'.  However, in the 'localhost' 
configuration of XtreemOS, you are not expected to use the root private key: it is only used 
for signing new application certificates, which this configuration of XtreemOS is designed to avoid.


2) Credentials for the CDA server - CDA private key and CDA application public key certificate.

The CDA server application cannot run without an SSL connection, so its certificate and key are
pre-configured. 

The post-install script puts these credentials in the correct locations, and installs configuration
files for the CDA client and CDA server which have the correct settings (credential filenames and pass-
phrase protecting the CDA private key). The script also re-hashes the directory containing the root
certificate and the CDA certificate, to allow the OpenSSL 'verify' command to work properly.

These settings should be sufficient to run the CDA server with the pre-configured credentials,


Changing the pass-phrase on the CDA private key

The pass-phrase protecting the private key is 'changeme' - you are strongly
advised to change this by the following means:

openssl rsa -in cda.key -des3 -out cda-new.key

This will prompt for the existing pass-phrase on the key, and write the key to the file cda-new.key,
prompting for a new pass-phrase.

Then replace the file 'cda.key' with 'cda-new.key' and update the property 'cdaserver.keyPassphrase' in
the configuration file '/etc/xos/config/cdaserver/cdaserver.properties' with the new pass-phrase.


Credentials for RCA and VOPS servers

The private key and public key certificate (used for signing responses to clients) for these services are provided
in localhost-rca.{key,crt} and localhost-vops.{key,crt}, and they are copied into the appropriate directories under
/etc/xos/truststore.


